# Asgard Buffs

## Important
* Chosen by the Stars
  * After a Meteor Shower, all Healers gain a buff that increases all healing dealt by 100% for the duration of 10 | 7 | 5 seconds.
  * Why: The Meteor Shower deals a lot of damage to all heroes. Healing up asap helps to prevent sudden death. The buff Healing Converter makes sure no healing is wasted.
  
* Healing Converter
  * 25% of healing exceeding heroes' max health is converted into pure damage dealt to Defense Spheres.
  * Why: The more damage done to spheres, the better.

* Keeper's Blessing
  * When Osh the Eternal Keeper awakens, the hero that dealt the most damage before the Planet Parade began will gain 10% more stats.
  * Why: Guaranteed boost to the biggest hitter.

* Sphere Energy Unleashed
  * Destroying a Defense Sphere grants 5 | 3 | 2 % energy to the hero that deals the final hit.
  * Why: Spheres spawn in groups, that means nice overall energy boost.

## Important for some teams
* Marksman Opportunity
  * If a Marksman uses their ultimate while Planet Parade or Quasar Light is active, they will recover 30 | 20 | 10 % energy over 5 seconds.
  * Why: Jhu, Dark Star, Daredevil, Fox, Astrid and Lucas, Elmir, Dante, Artemis, Ginger, Keira

* Stellar Tank Resilience
  * Tank heroes take 15 | 10 | 5 % less damage from Defense Sphere basic attacks.
  * Why: Spheres are magic damage, not even Aurora can dodge that. This makes it more likely to survive.

## Unimportant
* Dreamer's Retaliation
  * All heroes on the team deal 25 | 15 | 7 % bonus damage against Nightmares for each Nightmare on the battlefield.
  * Why not worth much: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn. Buff against them only helps at Merida, the miniboss.

* Mage's Vigilance
  * When Inflicted Slumber or Nightmare Visions is triggered, the Nightmares generated by Mages have 50% less health.
  * Why not worth much: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn. Buff against them only helps at Merida, the miniboss.

* Immortal Hero
  * The hero that deals the most damage while Planet Parade or Quasar Light is active gains Immortality for 12 | 7 | 3 seconds.
  * Why not worth much: Only effective when the biggest hitter is also in risk of death.

* Astral Shield
  * Triggers an Astral Shield once per battle. The Shield absorbs all damage from Defense Sphere explosions in the Wormhole. The Shield is triggered automatically when 3 or more Defense Spheres enter the Wormhole.
  * Why not worth much: It is cheap and can prevent disaster once. You do not expect disasters though, do you?

## Ignored
* Insomnia
  * A single use of Inflicted Slumber or Nightmare Visions can't unleash more than 4 Nightmares.
  * Why ignored: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn.

* Nightmare's Energy
  * When Inflicted Slumber or Nightmare Visions is triggered, the hero that generates the Nightmare gains 30 | 20 | 10 % energy for damage dealth to it.
  * Why ignored: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn.

* Survivor's Willpower
  * Defeating a Nightmare generated by Inflicted Slumber or Nightmare Visions grants a 15 | 10 | 5 second 100% Vampirism aura to the entire team.
  * Why ignored: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn.

* Wakeful Undead
  * Grants a permanent buff if there are three Undead on the team. Each team member has a 25 | 20 | 15 % chance not to fall asleep while Inflicted Slumber or Nightmare Visions is active.
  * Why ignored: You do not want any Nightmares to spawn, effect is negligble and it only works with all three undeads in the team.
    * Morrigan, Corvus, Phobos

* Resilient Grove Keeper
  * Grants a permanent buff if there are three Grove Keepers on the team. Each team member has a 25 | 20 | 15 % chance to avoid damage when Defense Spheres collide with the Wormhole.
  * Why ignored: You do not want any Spheres to reach Wormhole, effect is negligible and it only works with three Grove Keepers in the team. You don't use them, do you?
    * Alvanor, Kai, Thea

* Ingenious Engineers
  * Grants a permanent buff if there are three Engineers on the team. Each team member deals 4 | 3 | 2 % bonus damage to the Stardome.
  * Why ignored: You do not use the three Engineers together.
    * Fox, Ginger, Isaac
